As of right now, all of the data inside of our app is client-side only.
Typically in the real world,
what would happen is,
you would be interacting with a server and then
that server would go and interact with a database.
So, whenever you saved a new todo item or a new goal,
you would need to tell this server about that,
which would then tell the database about that.
But right now, because we don't have a server,
everything that we're doing is just client-side.
And when we refresh our application,
all of those things go away.
So what we're going to do is,
inside our head, again,
we're going to include a new script which just references this index.js file here.
So, tylermcginnis.com/goals-todos-api/index.js.
And what this is going to do,
and we can actually look at this file here, is,
It's going to add a property to the window object called API.
And then anytime that we want to interact with this data,
that again is just living in our fake database,
we need to call one of these methods.
So, for example, in order to fetch our goals,
we will call API.fetchGoals.
That's going to return us a promise that after two seconds,
we'll resolve with the goals.
And another thing that we're going to do, for example, here,
whenever we save a new todo item,
the use case that we need to handle is if that request fails.
So, again, because we don't really want to go through
the hassle of setting up a database and setting up a server,
what we're going to do is,
by including the script in our app,
we now have access to all of these different methods.
And so, what that will allow us to do is it will allow us to see how
Redux works when our data is coming in asynchronously.